Update Input_Validation_Cheat_Sheet.md (#371)
OWASP/CheatSheetSeries: cheatsheets/Input_Validation_Cheat_Sheet.md

## Whitelisting vs blacklisting

> It is a common to use mistake black list validation in order to try to detect possibly dangerous characters and patterns like the apostrophe `'` character, the string `1=1`, or the `<script>` tag, but this is a massively flawed approach as it is trivial for an attacker to avoid getting caught by such filters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a common mistake to use black list validation in order to try to detect possibly dangerous characters and patterns like the apostrophe `'` character, the string `1=1`, or the `<script>` tag, but this is a massively flawed approach as it is trivial for an attacker to bypass by such filters. 
```
